Update the sane-doc-reports docker tag (#8178)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_1_7.md

> #### Scripts
> ##### SaneDocReports
> - Updates the sane-doc-reports docker image
>   - Fixes markdown html tags inconsistencies
>   - Fixes trend direction icons and edge case when there are large values
>   - Fixes markdown placeholder styles
>   - Fixes array instead of 0 when number is zero
>   - Fixes empty markdown pagebreak elements not working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Scripts
##### SaneDocReports
- Updates the sane-doc-reports docker image
  - Fixes markdown HTML tag inconsistencies.
  - Fixes trend direction icons as well as edge cases when there are large values.
  - Fixes markdown placeholder styles.
  - Fixes an issue where an array would be returned instead of `0` when the number is zero.
  - Fixes empty markdown page break elements not working.
```
